[Core] Introduce "KeyCredential" base class and AzureKeyCredential extends from it. (#35364)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/core/azure-core/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.41.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added a base class `KeyCredential` for `AzureKeyCredential` to deviate `Azure` endpoint and credential.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a base class `KeyCredential` for `AzureKeyCredential` for non-`Azure` endpoints and credentials.  
```

> - Added a base class `KeyCredential` that `AzureKeyCredential` extends from for `Non-Azure` endpoints and credentials.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a `KeyCredential` to support key-based auth. 
- `AzureKeyCredential` is updated to extend from `KeyCredential`.
```
